Containerized Docker Application Lifecycle - 02.2 (#10500)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/containerized-lifecycle-architecture/Docker-application-lifecycle/containers-foundation-for-devops-collaboration.md

In the pillar on the right, operations teams manage deployed applications and infrastructure in production while monitoring the environment and applications so that they can provide feedback and insights to the development team about how the application might be improved. Container apps are typically run in production using container orchestrators.

The two teams are collaborating through a foundational platform (Docker containers) that provides a separation of concerns as a contract, while greatly improving the two teams' collaboration in the application life cycle. The developers own the container contents, its operating environment, and the container interdependencies, whereas the operations teams take the built images along with the manifest and runs them in their orchestration system.

## Challenges in application life cycle when using Docker.

There are many reasons that will increase the number of containerized applications in the upcoming years, and one of these reasons is the creation of applications based on microservices.

> During the last 15 years, the use of web services have been the base of thousands of applications, and probably, after a few years, we will find the same situation with microservice-based applications running on Docker containers.

Reviewer: Probably the verb here goes with use, no?

```suggestion
During the last 15 years, the use of web services has been the base of thousands of applications, and probably, after a few years, we will find the same situation with microservice-based applications running on Docker containers.
```

Author: yep!

It is also worth to mention that you can also use Docker containers for monolithic applications and you still get most of the benefits of Docker. Containers are not targeting only microservices.

The use of Docker containerization and microservices causes new challenges in the development process of your organizations and therefore, you need a solid strategy to maintain many containers and microservices running on production systems. Eventually, enterprise applications will have hundreds or thousands of containers/instances running in production.

These challenges create new demands when using DevOps tools, so you'll have to define new processes in your DevOps activities, and find answers for this type of questions:

- Which tools can I use for development, for CI/CD, management and operations?

- How can my company manage errors in containers when running in production?

- How can we change pieces of our software in production with minimum downtime?

- How can we scale and how can we monitor our production system?

- How can we include testing and deployment of containers in our release pipeline?

- How can we use Open Source tools/platforms for containers in Microsoft Azure?

> If you are able to answer all those questions, you will be better prepared to move your applications (existing or new apps) to Docker containers. 

Reviewer: A simplification you can make:

```suggestion
If you can answer all those questions, you will be better prepared to move your applications (existing or new apps) to Docker containers. 
```

Here are some of the most important benefits provided by a solid DevOps workflow:

> - Deliver better-quality software, faster and with better compliance

Reviewer: nit: lists with long sentences like this should have punctuation
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/scannable-content/lists#punctuation

- Drive continuous improvement and adjustments earlier and more economically

- Increase transparency and collaboration among stakeholders involved in delivering and operating software

- Control costs and utilize provisioned resources more effectively while minimizing security risks

> - Plug and play well with many of your existing DevOps investments, including investments in open-source

Reviewer: The previous way was correct. Open-source is hyphened when used as an adjective.
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/o/open-source

```suggestion
- Plug and play well with many of your existing DevOps investments, including investments in open source
```

Author: Ok, It didn't look like an adjective to me! 

Is it because it can be rearranged like "open-source investments"?
